update duduke server's terms & rules (#1)
Du-Du-Ke/community-rules: readme.md

> Before joining our community, please take a moment to review and accept the following guidelines. We designed these rules to ensure Duduke provides a safe, respectful, and welcoming environment for all members, regardless of their race, background, or other personal characteristics.

Reviewer: Only a list of rules can be set up in Discord's "Rule Screening" page. So everything should be a list item.

Author: Done.

3. **No Hate Speech or Offensive Language:** Hate speech, slurs, or any offensive language, images, or links are not allowed.; this includes any content that is racist, sexist, homophobic, transphobic, or otherwise offensive or discriminatory.
4. **No NSFW Content:** This server is SFW (Safe for Work). Do not share or discuss explicit, violent, or otherwise NSFW content.
5. **No Spamming or Flooding:** Do not flood the chat with messages, emojis, or pings; this disrupts conversation and may result in a temporary mute.
6. **No Personal Information:** Do not share or ask for personal information, such as addresses, phone numbers, or social security numbers - this includes your information and others'.
7. **No Advertising or Self-Promotion:** Do not promote your own or others' social media, businesses, or other projects without permission from the admins.
8. **No Trolling or Griefing:** Do not intentionally provoke or annoy others; this includes trolling, griefing, or posting misleading links.
9. **Report Rule-breaking:** If someone breaks these rules, please report them to a @Moderator. Do not engage with or escalate the situation yourself.

> Remember, we intend this server to be a safe and welcoming space for everyone. We may mute, kick, or ban you if you cannot follow these rules. We appreciate your cooperation and look forward to building a great community together.

Author: ```suggestion
Remember, we intend this server to be a safe and welcoming space for everyone. We may mute, kick, or ban you if you do not follow these rules. We appreciate your cooperation and look forward to building a great community together.
```

> Remember, we intend this server to be a safe and welcoming space for everyone. We may mute, kick, or ban you if you do not follow these rules. We appreciate your cooperation and look forward to building a great community together.

Reviewer: Only a list of rules can be set up in Discord's "Rule Screening" page. So everything should be a list item.
